SDC Decomposition Sprint 3 (#1388)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/decomposition/extracting-a-middleware/index.md

And typically we use the same format for all POST request bodies to an application (often JSON, but some applications use other formats) - we want to parse _all_ POST request bodies in that format.

It can be annoying to have to write the same code (like calling `parseRequestAsJsonObject`) in every handler. I can also be dangerous to require doing so: If we forget to call a function to check a user is logged in in one endpoint, that may be a big security problem.

One strategy to improve this is to use a {{<tooltip title="Middleware" text="middleware">}}A middleware is a piece of code which is called before route handlers.{{</tooltip>}}. A middleware may process the request, do extra checks (e.g. check an authorization token), or attach extra data (e.g. parsing a POST body as JSON and adding the fields to the request object). It can choose to respond to the request itself, or allow the route handler to do so.

{{<note type="Reading">}}
Read the [Express documentation on writing middleware](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/writing-middleware.html).
{{</note>}}

{{<note type="Exercise">}}

> Write an Express application. You must write two separate middlewares.

Reviewer: Keep prompting them to keep it small and focused

```suggestion
Write a tiny Express application. You must write two separate middlewares.
```
